org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowser.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1JsObject
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$InAppBrowserClient
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/CommandExecutionHandler.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.CommandExecutionHandler
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/RemoveGeofenceCommand.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.RemoveGeofenceCommand
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.RemoveGeofenceCommand$1
com/xtraball/musiccontrols/KillBinder.java
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.KillBinder
uk/co/whiteoctober/cordova/AppVersion.java
 uk.co.whiteoctober.cordova.AppVersion
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/GeofencePlugin.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GeofencePlugin
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GeofencePlugin$1
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GeofencePlugin$Action
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
admob/plugin/ads/AdBase.java
 admob.plugin.ads.AdBase
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/IntervalTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractTriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractTriggerReceiver
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/LocalNotification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$3
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/GeoNotificationManager.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GeoNotificationManager
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
nl/xservices/plugins/SocialSharing.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$4
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$SocialSharingRunnable
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$10
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$11
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$12
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$13
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$14
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$15
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$2
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$3
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$4
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$5
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$6
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$7
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$8
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$9
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
cc/fovea/Constants.java
 cc.fovea.Constants
org/apache/cordova/geolocation/Geolocation.java
 org.apache.cordova.geolocation.Geolocation
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/GeoNotification.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GeoNotification
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileProvider.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
com/adobe/phonegap/push/BackgroundHandlerActivity.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.BackgroundHandlerActivity
com/xtraball/musiccontrols/MusicControlsInfos.java
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControlsInfos
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
com/verso/cordova/clipboard/Clipboard.java
 com.verso.cordova.clipboard.Clipboard
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/RestoreReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.RestoreReceiver
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/ReceiveTransitionsIntentService.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.ReceiveTransitionsIntentService
com/appsfera/app/android609356c6ea0af/BuildConfig.java
 com.appsfera.app.android609356c6ea0af.BuildConfig
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/GoogleServiceCommandExecutor.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GoogleServiceCommandExecutor
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushPlugin.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$1
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$10
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$11
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$12
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$2
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$3
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$4
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$5
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$6
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$7
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$8
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$9
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Manager.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Manager
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/GeoNotificationNotifier.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GeoNotificationNotifier
com/phonegap/plugins/barcodescanner/BarcodeScanner.java
 com.phonegap.plugins.barcodescanner.BarcodeScanner
 com.phonegap.plugins.barcodescanner.BarcodeScanner$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/BadgeImpl.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.BadgeImpl
com/xtraball/musiccontrols/MusicControlsBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControlsBroadcastReceiver
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
admob/plugin/ads/RewardedVideoAd.java
 admob.plugin.ads.RewardedVideoAd
 admob.plugin.ads.RewardedVideoAd$1
 admob.plugin.ads.RewardedVideoAd$2
 admob.plugin.ads.RewardedVideoAd$3
 admob.plugin.ads.RewardedVideoAd$4
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractNotificationReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractNotificationReceiver
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushHandlerActivity.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushHandlerActivity
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient$1
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/LocalStorageDBHelper.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.LocalStorageDBHelper
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/TransitionReceiver.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.TransitionReceiver
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.TransitionReceiver$1
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.TransitionReceiver$PostLocationTask
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Request.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Request
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
com/google/cordova/plugin/BrowserTab.java
 com.google.cordova.plugin.browsertab.BrowserTab
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/LaunchUtils.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.LaunchUtils
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClearReceiver
nl/xservices/plugins/ShareChooserPendingIntent.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.ShareChooserPendingIntent
admob/plugin/Events.java
 admob.plugin.Events
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileHelper
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/Logger.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.Logger
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushConstants.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushConstants
com/android/plugins/Permissions.java
 com.android.plugins.Permissions
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$1
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$2
com/xtraball/musiccontrols/MusicControlsNotificationKiller.java
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControlsNotificationKiller
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Notification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification$Type
admob/plugin/ads/InterstitialAd.java
 admob.plugin.ads.InterstitialAd
 admob.plugin.ads.InterstitialAd$1
 admob.plugin.ads.InterstitialAd$2
 admob.plugin.ads.InterstitialAd$3
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/Action.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.Action
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetUtil.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetUtil
com/webview/WebViewPlugin.java
 com.webview.WebViewPlugin
 com.webview.WebViewPlugin$1
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/LocalStorage.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.LocalStorage
com/xtraball/musiccontrols/MusicControls.java
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControls
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControls$1
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControls$2
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControls$3
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControls$4
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControls$5
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControls$6
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/GeoNotificationStore.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.GeoNotificationStore
com/appsfera/app/android609356c6ea0af/MainActivity.java
 com.appsfera.app.android609356c6ea0af.MainActivity
org/apache/cordova/camera/ExifHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.ExifHelper
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/Notification.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.Notification
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/ActionGroup.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.ActionGroup
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClickReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/Gson.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.Gson
com/xtraball/cordova/plugin/Navigator.java
 com.xtraball.cordova.plugin.Navigator
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushInstanceIDListenerService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushInstanceIDListenerService
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushInstanceIDListenerService$1
org/apache/cordova/media/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.FileHelper
nl/xservices/plugins/Insomnia.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$2
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioPlayer.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$INFORMATION
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$MODE
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$STATE
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/BootReceiver.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.BootReceiver
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/DateTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger$Unit
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/IGoogleServiceCommandListener.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.IGoogleServiceCommandListener
com/adobe/phonegap/push/FCMService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.FCMService
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Builder.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Builder
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
admob/plugin/Actions.java
 admob.plugin.Actions
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/MatchTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger$1
com/adobe/phonegap/push/BackgroundActionButtonHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.BackgroundActionButtonHandler
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/Badge.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$3
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$4
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$5
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$6
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
com/xtraball/musiccontrols/MediaSessionCallback.java
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MediaSessionCallback
admob/plugin/AdSizeType.java
 admob.plugin.AdSizeType
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClearReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBarViewHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBarViewHelper
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBarViewHelper$1
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
cc/fovea/PurchasePlugin.java
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin$1
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin$2
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin$3
admob/plugin/AdMob.java
 admob.plugin.AdMob
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/AssetUtil.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.AssetUtil
com/webview/WebViewActivity.java
 com.webview.WebViewActivity
 com.webview.WebViewActivity$1
 com.webview.WebViewActivity$1$1
 com.webview.WebViewActivity$1$2
 com.webview.WebViewActivity$2
admob/plugin/ads/BannerAd.java
 admob.plugin.ads.BannerAd
 admob.plugin.ads.BannerAd$1
 admob.plugin.ads.BannerAd$2
nl/xservices/plugins/FileProvider.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractRestoreReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractRestoreReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/TriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.TriggerReceiver
org/apache/cordova/camera/CameraLauncher.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Options.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Options
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/AbstractGoogleServiceCommand.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.AbstractGoogleServiceCommand
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushDismissedHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushDismissedHandler
com/xtraball/musiccontrols/MusicControlsNotification.java
 com.xtraball.musiccontrols.MusicControlsNotification
admob/plugin/Action.java
 admob.plugin.Action
com/cowbell/cordova/geofence/AddGeofenceCommand.java
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.AddGeofenceCommand
 com.cowbell.cordova.geofence.AddGeofenceCommand$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClickReceiver
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowserDialog.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowserDialog
nl/xservices/plugins/Toast.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.Toast
 nl.xservices.plugins.Toast$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.Toast$1$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.Toast$1$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.Toast$1$3
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetProvider.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetProvider
admob/plugin/ads/AdListener.java
 admob.plugin.ads.AdListener
org/apache/cordova/camera/CordovaUri.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CordovaUri
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/NotificationVolumeManager.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.NotificationVolumeManager
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.NotificationVolumeManager$1
